c:\users\mio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Food Facts\Food Facts\bin\Debug\Food Facts.exe.config
c:\users\mio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Food Facts\Food Facts\bin\Debug\Food Facts.exe
c:\users\mio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Food Facts\Food Facts\bin\Debug\Food Facts.pdb
c:\users\mio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Food Facts\Food Facts\obj\Debug\Food Facts.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Food Facts\Food Facts\obj\Debug\Food_Facts.Form1.resources
c:\users\mio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Food Facts\Food Facts\obj\Debug\Food_Facts.NutritionForm.resources
c:\users\mio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Food Facts\Food Facts\obj\Debug\Food_Facts.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Food Facts\Food Facts\obj\Debug\Food Facts.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Food Facts\Food Facts\obj\Debug\Food Facts.exe
c:\users\mio\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Food Facts\Food Facts\obj\Debug\Food Facts.pdb
C:\Users\Mio\Documents\FTCC\FTCC_C#Assignments\Food Facts\Food Facts\bin\Debug\Food Facts.exe.config
C:\Users\Mio\Documents\FTCC\FTCC_C#Assignments\Food Facts\Food Facts\bin\Debug\Food Facts.exe
C:\Users\Mio\Documents\FTCC\FTCC_C#Assignments\Food Facts\Food Facts\bin\Debug\Food Facts.pdb
C:\Users\Mio\Documents\FTCC\FTCC_C#Assignments\Food Facts\Food Facts\obj\Debug\Food Facts.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Mio\Documents\FTCC\FTCC_C#Assignments\Food Facts\Food Facts\obj\Debug\Food_Facts.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Mio\Documents\FTCC\FTCC_C#Assignments\Food Facts\Food Facts\obj\Debug\Food_Facts.NutritionForm.resources
C:\Users\Mio\Documents\FTCC\FTCC_C#Assignments\Food Facts\Food Facts\obj\Debug\Food_Facts.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Mio\Documents\FTCC\FTCC_C#Assignments\Food Facts\Food Facts\obj\Debug\Food Facts.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Mio\Documents\FTCC\FTCC_C#Assignments\Food Facts\Food Facts\obj\Debug\Food Facts.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Mio\Documents\FTCC\FTCC_C#Assignments\Food Facts\Food Facts\obj\Debug\Food Facts.exe
C:\Users\Mio\Documents\FTCC\FTCC_C#Assignments\Food Facts\Food Facts\obj\Debug\Food Facts.pdb
